## MQL4-EA
MQL4 Expert Advisors

This project is intended to create a set of expert advisors to trade Forex in an MT4 platform.

The structure of the information is as follows:
* utils: this directory will include a few utilities to transform historic files downloaded from any of the available sources (i.e. Dukascopy.com) 
  - Time Zone change: adding or substracting certain number of hours to match Time Zone data to Time Zone of MT4 Platform
  - Merge Candles: to merge M1 into different timeframes candles. First versions will work at least on H4 timeframe, so no tick processing is not considered at this moment.
  - A few other tools to enrich datasets, either with a set of indicator values or positive or negative behaviour to complete the training datasets.

One directory for every EA:
* Readme file detailing the directory contents.
* Training algorithm if required: either coded in python or octave (software similar to matlab under gnu license). 
* Prediction results.
* Some statistics including %positive %negative %BUY %SELL, max DD... Most of this info will be generated by the MT4 platform.
* Indicators Code if required: implemented in MQL4. 
* EA: taking into account entries and exits rules. MQL4 source code will be stored.

At the beginning, most of the processes should be done manually (Extraction - Enrichment - Training - Configuring EA). As soon as interesting results come up, an automation process will be written to focus efforts on new EA creation instead of EA operation.
